Update Expo references in React Native docs (#3058)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/sdk/react-native/use-realm-react.txt

Setup @realm/react
------------------

To set up ``@realm/react``, start with a new `bare React Native app 
<https://reactnative.dev/docs/environment-setup#creating-a-new-application>`_ 
or use the :github:`Realm Expo template <expo/examples/tree/master/with-realm>`.

You can also install ``@realm/react`` for existing React Native apps.

Create a New App and add ``@realm/react``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You can start with a new bare React Native app  or use the :github:`Realm Expo 
template <expo/examples/tree/master/with-realm>`.

The React Native SDK documentation generally assumes that you're using a bare
React Native app and not Expo.

To create a bare React Native app:

#. Follow the `React Native documentation 
   <https://reactnative.dev/docs/environment-setup#creating-a-new-application>`_.
#. Install ``@realm/react``.

   .. code-block:: shell

      npm install @realm/react

> To use the Realm Expo template, follow the :ref:`Quick Start with Expo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a new app with @realm/react using the Realm Expo template, follow the :ref:`Quick Start with Expo
```
For clarity that the this quick start will also guide through steps of creating new app with  @realm/react.
